Documentation ofThe BillboardBy Samuel Meijer and Lars LorchDecember 9, 2016The fundamental idea of our app is providing a service that enables users to anonymously share snapshots on a local basis. It can therefore also be seen as a way to crowd source photos of events in your area. Imagine The Harvard-Yale Game and everyone uses The Billboard. Users will be able to see popular and close photos others have taken in the area and will be more up to date of the event. Imagine hundreds and thousands of billboards were spread all over the town, state, or country. No matter where you go, you will be able to look at The Billboard, and see what has been or is going on because of photos people have been or are posting to The Billboard.Running the appTo run the app, the whole directory of The Billboard as to be downloaded from our GitHub repository athttps://github.com/thebillboard2016/thebillboard1or another source. Open the following file with the latest version of Apple’s IDE Xcode:The Billboard.xcworkspaceThis is only available for OS X. Xcode comes with an integrated simulator of different Apple iPhones. Choose either a simulator model or your own plugged in iPhone in the top left of the Xcode interface, and install and run The Billboard by clicking the Play button next to it.Login and RegistrationThe login screen appears.  Here, you can enter username and password, and log in to access and use The Billboard. If this is the first time you use The Billboard, click Register and proceed to the Register view. Enter the credentials into the form and click register. Congratulations! You are now able to use The Billboard. Note that although your information is necessary for registration, posting to and accessing The Billboard is completely anonymous. The Main Interface: Local Feed, Camera, MapWhen successfully logged in, the user has access to the main interface of the app. The design of the app splits into three main views that can be accessed by swiping left and right.The Local Feed is designed to give the user a summary of the six closest snapshots that have been taken at his location by her/him and other users. It is made to give local information and impressions of events and locations that the user relates to. The map on the other hand stands in contrast with the local feed. It is made to show the user around in locations that he or she would never be able to see.  The camera is the users interface to post to The Billboard. On the bottom Tab bar, the user has the option to make a photo with the camera or to select a photo from the library. The photo can be saved afterwards as well because it can be expected that the user’s The Billboard snapshot is worth saving. Then, the user can add an optional caption to the picture that will later appear in the feed in the provided text field. Finally, by hitting the top right Upload button, the user can post the photo and caption to The Billboard. This will the be visible by all users in their local feed when at the specific location. Since the user’s location is tracked automatically once he or she agrees upon it when asked at the start, the photo will be given a location tag as well, for later plotting on the map.App icon taken from:

https://icons8.com/web-app/for/all/billboard

